Revamping and completing stdlib docs (#176)
arr-ai/arrai: docs/std-archive.md

# archive

The `archive` library contains helper functions that related to outputting data into
certain formats of archive.

## `tar <: tuple`

`tar` returns a tuple that contains functions related to the format `tar`. The

> attributes are the following:

Reviewer: Alternatively:
```
A tuple of functions related to the 'tar` format.
```

> attributes are the following:

Author: should I still include the `attributes are the following`?

# archive

> `archive` library contains helper functions that related to outputting data into

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `archive` library contains helper functions that related to outputting data into
```

> certain formats of archive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
certain archive formats (tar, zip).
```

Author: I'm not sure but we will probably have more formats

## `tar <: tuple`

`tar` returns a tuple that contains functions related to the format `tar`. The
attributes are the following:

### `tar(data <: dict) <: array_of_bytes`

It takes the dictionary `data` and returns an array of bytes representing `data`

> which has been compressed to the `tar` format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
which have been compressed using the `tar` format.
```

> **Important note**: `data` itself has to be a dictionary whose keys are all

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Important note**: `data` **must** be a dictionary whose keys are all
```

`string`.

Usage:

> | example | equals |
> |:-|:-|
> | `//archive.tar.tar({"lightsaber": "lightsaber noises"})` | `lightsaber0000600000000000000000000000002100000000000011235 0ustar0000000000000000lightsaber noises` |

Reviewer 2: Depending on how long the output tar string is, maybe adding some spaces in the markdown might make it more readable in .md form? Github does line wrapping but at least it'll print nicely when viewing it from an IDE
```suggestion
| example                                                                            | equals                                                   |
|------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------------------------------------|
| `//archive.tar.tar({"lightsaber": "lightsaber noises"})` | `lightsaber00006000000000000000000000000021000000000000112350ustar0000000000000000lightsaber noises` |
```

Author: the space is part of the output, removing it might mean a different object is being compressed

## `zip <: tuple`

`zip` returns a tuple that contains functions related to the format `zip`. The
attributes are the following:

### `zip(data <: dict) <: array_of_bytes`

It takes the dictionary `data` and returns an array of bytes representing `data`

> which has been compressed to the `zip` format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
which have been compressed using the `zip` format.
```

> **Important note**: `data` itself has to be a dictionary whose keys are all

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Important note**: `data` itself **must** to be a dictionary with all keys of type
```
